metrics - upgrade py2 -> py3 (take 2) (#13912)
kubernetes/test-infra: images/bigquery/README.md

# bigquery

The `gcr.io/k8s-testimages/bigquery` image is used to run [/metrics/bigquery.py]

> It is mostly present to ensure the fo`llowing is available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is mostly present to ensure the following is available:
```

Author: nice catch
